###### Tt
- consider Ideas from: BotHww.UniCode
  - link via myGIST(s)
- GistShare ...
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#h6

<hr>

 - fix this

## TtT: 2024-08: 
- Focus on:
  - ( Am I )"OnTheList" via GIS ; make this a PR ; Project with MileStones
    - divergence of Eon & Eca boundaries make the edge cases very interesting
    - this is likely a portend of a Spring event
      - that will need dramatic changes in WayD
        - Discuss the possible implications with DplT since we used to do this for cities
          - we can always do it for Subjects, as their Agents
            - ...
          - Automated & (senior) Manual testing may be mandatory
            - Regression Testing is sorely needed to conserve time
      -  2025-04-01 is the expected readiness date
  - R.E. attributes for improved .f(ind) processing
    - Sales emphasis may need to preceed Branding
      - Sales should drive Marketing.
        - first Marketing activity should be proposed cohort defininitions
          - consider defining this by the "MoveReasons" insights
            - AiHw: Initial versus ultimate marketing Goals
              - in Novice ( a first Levels of Expertise ) terms
    - this should be driven by OnTheList via CurbSide, with embedded AI and YouTube Context sensitive Help
      - YourDataForOnTheListChecks may help
        - try promoting this with a Bot
          - consider BotViewsOnLocalRealEstate
  - AgentsInArea
    - by (most listings) Agent
      - Buyer's Markets (Jason has the Buyers .com)
        -  BarbaraCorcoran - DragonsDen
      - Seller's Markets
        - 
- to maintain a GoalsH focus, Bots must correctly pick productive components that fit into the next available timePeriod
  - This will likely be an optimization of Rewar/Cost ...
    - .. within a ConText of Need, Dependencies, UrgencyOfNeed ...
      - .. P.QrSt
- try https://gist.github.com/HwWobbe/7a4d8d176befab700cd1271172b55f6b
  _ <script src="https://gist.github.com/HwWobbe/7a4d8d176befab700cd1271172b55f6b.js"></script>
  - this seems effective enough to warrant an additional investment of time
 
- BdcTalks
  - W. + boss talks
    - offer to meet in Waterloo
      - explain why I am there in a comforting way
  - Risk mitigation & Valuation
  - Term Sheet
- move HaverSine notes into Mws.Wiki
- ...

- 08-03: try using a Project structure to interleave these effectively
  - discuss this with Toma as a TwDev SoW that can prow up in a GitHub context
    - find the JrToH email pointing to the TomaPr
- 08-02: discussed using a modified CurbSide with HELP improvents

  <hr>

## TtT: 2024-07: 
- -27: extend this into the CL version(s)
  - consider using Chat for this
  - also try chat to populate the text of various DebateGraph pages
- -24: evaluate AiGit as a way to generate my Git posts
  - -27: consider moving this comment to another repo
- -23: review NameRules in the contexts of Pages of EndNotes
  - should these be PDFs for DiigoH filing
    - is Ai... sufficiently reliable?
      - test with POE
- -22: decide how to propogate the ChatTw hybrid work
  - ...
- -19: ( Chat.?shared.? CurbSide ... )LzT AjT HwW 
- -07-18: test PromptSharing for LzT ; HuggingFace access
- -07-17: PDFs (via Chat) may be effective, so devise a test
  - work with GeoSpatial
    - try introducing Haversine and Rays
      - use DebateGraph for its HTML
- -07-15: continue to allow Deprecation and GracefulDegradation
  -10: craft an effective link
   -09: experimenting with DefinitiveChoice
  - .tn: could be  useful
- -08: LadiesDinner / LzT
- -07-05: aJo re mkt Names decisions
  - ?? MiniTeam /?
    - try driving this with Teams/Plan(s)
- 07-03: Introduce Dl & Bp on -07-04

- 2024-06-26: Chat is starting to displace other WaysH
    - this will likely rejuvenate TheArray
  - 06-23: resumed Focus, noting that DiigoH can process this raw GitHub markup in a useful manner
    - -24: restructuring this page  is a growing need
      - test the idea of removing content to DiigoH pages or gDocs
        - this should be easy via gKeep
    - investigate Data Pipelines further
  - 06-20: started iterative miniTeam discussions, that may endure until 260630
    - noted the LzT pressure in favor of Data Quality analysis sooner.
    - initial agreement regarding "work flow" concepts - especially through our increasingly complex infrastructures.
  - 06-18: project management challenges are increasingly important
    - co-ordinating the interactions of the proposed miniTeams is essential
      - confirm DiigoH can use the main Gists page
  - 06-17: now have Tw/Azure working
    - dnDrop and Bag designs are increasingly important.
    - work on a paragraph Fork
  - 06-15:
    - SysH refinements WORKed
    - print improved
    - incomming call notifications 
  - 06-14: announced that e.on triggers a re-plan of DIG ... AdMan
    - this will cause a re-organization of Teams and inter-team communications
      - Motivations 
  
- TnT:
  - Jr wants other domainNames(s)
    - push for YourData (.net & . org )use
      - ask Dpl for other suggestions
        - send a chat MonDay - offering help - perhaps suggesting your data (which can be transferred to RnA)
  - RePlan for recent developments
    - apply daily PulseH updates until the top Topic emphasis is reduced
      - progress with microsoft Mail is apparent
        - Archive subfolders are promising
  - Toma interface with Sonny
    - 0529: \0523: to what extent does Lz need to be involved in the upload process
        - this .tn \.tt syntax seems effective.
      - just to request the area and frequencey & to do payments? 
    - 0517: de-dup progress ?
      - 0524: demo the rudimentary SORT(s) to Dpl for self-service customers.
        - bind this to the software developments for preferred hardware since that is appealling
          - check with ...fish re the unexpected hardware ask
    - 0503:
      - recording notes ? Review the submitted Minutes
      - seems quite effective but needs testing.
      - IP concerns raised as a central control issue by Jr.  Ciunters include
        - just dominate .ca
        - join powers of GeoSpatial should be adequate to draw Talent & Skills
        - economies of scale
        - first mover advantage
  - extend BagLz via  TwH
    - DnDrop of newer tids should be adequate
  - Agendas for all
    - Ls( SeqU CipoCa Valsoft ValuationTn )
    - LsChatTn: response to Penny
    - revert to Xememex for strategies is underway
  - prepare for:
      - Terry
        - 0415: talk to Gary directly after PP announcment
          - $ chat
        - 0330: chat with Gary - update post BDC meet
  - ( NounB ) Casey

  - WikiPedia integrity is waning
    - test access to the TiddlyWiki page I edited
      - or another in which a added to the Talk section

- "Preponderance of Evidence"
- refactor for common use
  - try Project views so they can be linked better - length refactoring should be effective - PulseUpdates should become more meaningful
- $+ ( .mo/.fo/.we bondsBuy )DanS 
- $- TomaA
- prepare for the next inPerson meeting
  - identify more WalkThru(s) & WalkAbout(s)
- potential Topics:
  - Roles: ...
    - Leads
      - A Penny for ( Cities ) thoughts
    - Jobs
      - dataLoads & tableMerges - starting with TomaA <> JrHw
  - Dg:Agenda
    - considerations: Penny WiiFms @ Yyz level ; CaTn ; rbcFg ; valSoft ;
      - Yyz Contingencies ?
        current LeeT >  Chair?
        - ex Woodstock
        - personDb
        - schoolBoards
    - DataIntegrity may become an umbrella for the Data*.ca group of companies
      - SubjectRights
      - sevenPennies
  - https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#2024-quicklinks
- There may need to be separate Projects at least for CurbSide and AdManCa.
  -  AdManOn & AdManYyz need to be planned
    - they should likely evolve into PRs that can be scheduled and manipulated as objects  
    - start this within the existing Projects, but plan to fork/spawn
      - consider 3rd party FullStack work - but only if it adds value by Hosting Data - ideally in SqLite
        - Compare the $ productivity and rates as an indicator of Value
        - Jr "OS" work may need to be gated by Demo pressures
        - Ta now has a relatively high hourly rate fir "oart-time= work
        - Es is very nicely engaged and we might be able to "streamline" the payment process.
      - try making a block io9nto a separate file - but do that sooner
    - link to Dg: ( Deb: - since .De: is germany ) topics that are related and can then be expanded better in that environment.
      - these might produce documentation stubs that can the be gateways ti repositories that are:
        - more efficient
        - more secure ( restricted access / permissions )
          - TwLinks may be a step towards security since the linkages could only be easily available via Tw or Dg: ( Di: ) bookmarks
- Df will propose a direct API link for Cc
    - This will effectively Fork the dataflows and will increase the need for Automated procedures to be launched in each of the environments.
      - at the very least, this warrants some experimentation
      -   start defining the Evaluation critirea

 
## 2024 quickLinks
- Privacy and Promises ( PaP ) are going tp be a major issue even for AdManOn
  - LsH to plan for this
    - share access to the various systems that are plart of the emerging environment
      - start with the CurbSide versions that contain the new/t. reports
        - demo howTo use the Project views
          - consider Eric's new image tool - Who could best populate that?
            - Ajo might be able to help build an example of the documentation that could then be tested by Penny
  - suggest Penny and I do a call
    - and a meeting now that I know more about travel
  - more ...shared folders will be needed
    - rely on Lz for this initial work
  - re-emphasize: ...Tt ...Tn ...Tp for the development of the RmT tiles
    - try building these with Gartha
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#civicatlasql

- StyleH tests:

  ## StyleTest(s): ...
  - start with the CurbSide style support
  - this shows ...
    - further indentation potential
      - it may be time to RtM for this flavor of MarkDown (mermaid?)

### Modify these qLinks to terminate / Audience
...
  - test with LsH - perhaps as early as a meToDrive Teams session
    - is it possible to link&jump to the Provest views?

#### confirm how deep these headings can go
...

- ideally the limit will be the standard H6

##### H5
...

###### H6
H6 level support allows me to start naming blocks as Anchors that I can then jump to from other locations.

- This should lead to easier creation of other stand-alone files.

. https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#tt
  - return to top

<hr>

## 2023 quickLinks
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#civicatlas
  - these QLs can span repos in order to rationalize relative Priorities
    - this shouild work even with a mix of Private repos [ test this ]

### These quickLinks are for the convenience of the Author(s).  

As content matures, Author links will be replaced by convenient Reader links.  Also, standard Report sections will emerge and styling will strive to follow the WikiPedia and the TenChapters ( 0-9 ) quidelines.


- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#civicatlas
  - these QLs can span repos in order to rationalize relative Priorities
    - a merged Priorities list likely has more value
      - confirm such an interleaved list of Priorities is helpful
    - try creating a separate file that can be attached to a PR
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#CivicAtlasQl
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#civicatlas.md
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#APIdevelopmentConsiderations

* when should more folders be added to this repo?
  * Text block creation and Permission Management are likely to be the determining forces.
    * this may be a duplicated item

* PR - with an attached file
  * try using MailFail as a learning/focus Project with CivicAtlas
    * invested Public data like Municipal Addresses should be capable of forming Aliases to LaLoAl strings
      * it may even be effective to encode these as short-URLs that can then be incorporated into QrCodes

* Gist or Profile is a fundamental initial choice
  * https://gist.github.com/HwWobbe

* Dig should be a subset of AdManCa  (Division) of CSI (for now)
  * consider the implications of the external "divisions" distinctions made by Empire
    * how would these be integrated into our (merged) Notice To Reader statements?
      * what are the Tax implications?
        * a 50%+ position should still allow for consolidated statements
   * how is this impactefd by the Amalgamation
     * ... 

* reverse the drift away from the API focus.
  * this could lead to a refactoring/restructuring

* create a private repo to test access permissions further

<hr>

## CivicAtlasQl
* this topic is growing to a size that warrants a new file
  * where?
* Civic Atlas may provide information that can be used to assess internal Referential Integrity
  * this could lead to the development of a Trust for specific, large transactions
    * consider the use of floor limits (prior to debit cards) in Merchant Credit Card processing
      * this may fit well into a new AppContext combining YotiD and CivicAtlasD
        * ...rveiew DataGraph > KnowledgeGraph > InformationGraph
  * consider re-purposing this repo for use with CivicAtlas
    * a joint use for CivivAtlas and GeoSpatial TW could be beneficial
      * separate repos will eventually be needed.
        * TW documentation contributions are a logical first step.
    * CivicAtlas (CA & Ca) provides extensive APIs
      * assess this capability in joint contexts (perhaps with Cities)
    * this may lead to a free-minum model
    * initially this could include DPL & JCL and Jeremy
      * check with CivicAtlass about their uses of GIT
   * Ls may see this as a step towrds MailFail - thiat might advance c-suite goals - in AdManCa
     * this may, at least, result in prototypes of Management / Board  interactions
  * Consider this as a DueDiligence exercise shared by Buyer & Seller.

* try to integrate the RstT VeryTrue concepts
  * let Rst know when this is done


## enhancement considerations
...

* consider the use of alternate media types
  * perhaps PDFs
* Produce a rendered version of GitHub content that can be distributed
  * review the particular advantages of ...md files
    * consider the capabilities of various .md dialects
      * tw compatibility would be an advantage
        * Style compromizes for "simplest", common may be posible

* Try to produce a rendered version of GitHub content that can be distributed
  * this may be as simple as a CutAndPaste of the View version
    * verify that the GitHub Wikis still allow a choice of Markup
      * could this be used as part of a Render/Edit Rinse/Repeat loop?

* Can GitHub outputs be
  * rendered as PDFs?
  * saved as Word docs that can be processed further by others?
    * AI styling should reduce the need for realAssistants
      * perhaps there is a need for a higher priority DevTools task?
        * such a re-structuring may also help with shared MicroContent
       
* experiment with:
  * the 'Code' sidebar control
  * also Edit , Preview , ...
* add the other headersH sections that are now standard
* [gitGocs/Start](https://docs.github.com/en/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax)
* extend PR capabilities
  * ...
* https://giscus.app/

* how should folders be added to a repo?
  * ...


# APIdevelopmentConsiderations
* ...

## A tentative start at creating an API infrastructure

* this will likely have to be a rest-ful API
* start crafting the API collaboration infrastructure
  * caution collaborators that this infrastructue will always be ported on-shore and cannot have access to production DefData
    * 3rd party testing will be mandatory
* multiple, small PlusCode developments should be encouraged.

* link to the new ... page

### Wip
#### start by:

* exploring & introducing
  * ChatApi plugins
  * Notion and Slack
* initially, focus on Notion
* Can Slack be wrapped in Notion or vice-versa?

* A Public W(ork) i(n) p(rogress) that is being slowly bootstrapped.
  * the fact that this is a public repository suggests that there could also be a Public Slack channel for AdManCa
    * should AdManCa and DigCa be kept separated?
  * seemed to work, so further enhancements will be transferrd into this environment as the finish their Private test cycles

* -08-21: resuming this PR test
  * the `Create new branch and start PR' option appeared as ...-patch-1 after a first edit.

* ㋀㋁㋂㋃㋄㋅㋆㋇㋈㋉㋊㋋ extend with the .ye values
